Do you spend far more time viewing porn than you originally intended?
Ans- Actually i have never set a strict limit on it . 

Are you unsuccessful in efforts to stop or limit your consumption of pornography?
Ans - Yes

Has time spent viewing pornography interfered with, or taken precedence over personal or professional commitments, hobbies, or relationships in your life?
Ans - Yes  , it has  

Do you go out of your way to keep your pornography consumption secret (e.g. deleting browser history, lying about viewing porn)?
Ans - Yes

Has viewing pornography caused significant problems in intimate relationship(s)?
Ans - yes

Do you experience a cycle of arousal and enjoyment before and during pornography consumption, followed by feelings of shame, guilt, and remorse after?
Ans - Yes

Do you spend significant amounts of time thinking about pornography, even when not watching it?
Ans - not really 

Has viewing pornography caused any other negative consequences in your personal or professional life (e.g. missed work, poor performance, neglected relationships, financial problems)?
Ans -- Yes 


""
When Did I ever choose to make porn a party of my life , like its a skill i need in my life . 

i never did that , i was young around 12 or 11 i guess , i just stumbled on these sex scenes in movies and somehow started beating my pp essentially masturbating , and i still remember it was months when i realized  , what is this white stuff that comes out ????  i still remember i was in bathroom at the time , and saw this white stuff , i got scared . 

yea no one taught me , i was just a kid at that time . 


so looking back i never choose porn to be a part of my life , it is more of a trap . 


i never choose to fall into the trap of porn but like all traps i fell in  and this trap is designed to make me stay in the trap . 

Ask yourself, when you viewed those first porn pictures and videos, did you decide to come back to view them as long as you live? So when will you quit? Tomorrow? Next year? Stop kidding yourself! The trap is designed to hold you for life. Why else do you think all these other addicts don’t quit before it ‘kills’ their lives?

""


We do not masturbate for the reasons we should stop. The real question is, why do we want or need to do it?

Ans -- For me personally , watching porn is more of a way to run  from my problems  , gain instant pleasure and overtime watching porn has become a habit so deep that now when i encounter a problem  my default action is to masturbate .


What is porn doing for me?

Ans -- Ruins me , no matter how i see its just a pleasure at the moment all it does is ruin me , and to put it truthfully its to  the point i wonder  what is the purpose of even stopping is instant pleasure really that bad but honestly i know the truth it doesn't matter bad or good , one  thing is clear if i chase instant pleasure i will never become rich or achieve even the bare minimum dream . 

Am I actually enjoying it?
Ans -- At the moment of doing it  yes and no , yes because at the moment i feel pleasure but at the same time i know what i am doing is not something that i should be doing , its wrong and bad for me  however if you ask me , over the long run --- i feel pity for me , because it is destroying me .

Do I really need to go through life sabotaging my mind and body?

Ans  no , i don't need to , it is just a addiction that has become hard to cut ties with , but  with the help of this book i ensure i will cut ties with this addiction of mine . 


# Chapter -3 
Ask a user, _“If you could go back to the time before you became hooked, with the knowledge you have now, would you have started using porn?”_

_“NO WAY!”_ would be the reply.

Ask the confirmed user, someone who defends internet porn and doesn’t believe it causes injury to the brain or downregulation of dopamine receptors: _“Do you encourage your children to use porn?”_

_“NO WAY!”_ is again the reply.


one thing i wanna confess is just now i said porn is more like my escape to reality a default habit of mine that i go to while facing tough problems  , that actually just me avoiding the problems , second  masturbating just delay the instant stress of the problem for the duration of masturbation after that i still have that problem + i have the disappointment from masturbating 